feat: Add docs for Device MQTT (#1284)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/device/services/device-mqtt/Purpose.md

---
title: Device MQTT - Purpose
---

# Device MQTT - Purpose

> The Device MQTT Microservice is a device service used for connecting devices/sensors to EdgeX using an MQTT topic. The message bus is, by default MQTT, but NATS can be used by building a custom Docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device MQTT Microservice is a device service used for connecting devices/sensors to EdgeX using the MQTT protocol. Target devices and this device service connect to the same MQTT broker and exchange messages for async data and device commands.
```
